---
title: Fuze Box 2
layout: post
author: joshua.oakley
permalink: /fuze-box-2/
source-id: 1_vRvsxCAR8HUEXL-d6SDMO_vqhuAUqUcuWE9zc3I-to
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>My second time working with the Fuze Box.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>30/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We worked with the Fuze Box last lesson so we had a bit of experience.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete another course on the Fuze Basic programme.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, we complete a course called apples with the help of the instructions sheet.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I persevered, by not giving up even when we were finding a section very difficult. I just kept trying systematically until we got the answer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned myself and my partner when completing the work, to make sure we were doing it correctly.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I worked independently at times when my partner didn't know what to do so I had to find it out myself.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected that we could of worked a bit faster so that we could have completed 2 courses instead of 1.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I engaged myself in the work even if my partner and I were finding it a bit boring.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In my learning, I could have not made any spelling mistakes or grammar errors to speed up the process, even though I always corrected them. </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to be more considerate with what I am typing so that I don't make any mistakes which could cause an error in the programme. I could also be more alert when my partner is typing in the code so that he doesn’t make any spelling or grammar mistakes either.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


