---
title: Fuze Box
layout: post
author: joshua.oakley
permalink: /fuze-box/
source-id: 17J2-cJua8SHSlTtFcSs8YTugdi1BsxCN6RdPFyXUnYk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Working with a Fuze box.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We had never used a Fuze box before.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To set up the Fuze box and start creating commandments.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, Calum and I managed go through a course as a pair.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I persevered by persistently trying even when I had got it wrong. I also read the instructions more than if I didn't understand.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned myself and my partner when we were completing the work to make sure we were doing it accurately and efficiently. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I work independently at times when my partner didn’t understand and I figured it out myself.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected that when using the Fuze box you MUST read the instructions otherwise you will have know clue what you are doing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I engaged in my work by not losing focus with my partner and just going through the instructions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have started reading the instructions as soon as I didn’t understand so that I wouldn’t have had to take as long when completing the work. Although, my partner and I did figure it out pretty quickly.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We could have read even more of the instructions by looking more at the pictures at the side of the booklet so that we could make sure we were doing the work correctly by referring to what our screen looked like compared to what it showed in the booklet.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


